app.owner=Systherm Info
app.name=Geo-Info 6 GiPortal

app.ownWms.sourceName=Własne usługi WMS
app.ownWms.addButton=Nowa usługa WMS
app.ownWms.modalHeader=Definicja usługi
app.ownWms.serviceName=Nazwa usługi
app.ownWms.visibleName=Widoczna nazwa
app.ownWms.serviceAddress=Adres WMS
app.ownWms.serviceURL=URL usługi
app.ownWms.loadLayers=Wczytaj warstwy
app.ownWms.loadLayersFailure=Wystąpił błąd podczas wczytywania warstw
app.ownWms.modalConfirm=Dodaj

app.controller.zoomToExtent=pokaż całość
app.controller.zoomIn=przybliż
app.controller.zoomOut=oddal
app.controller.saveUrl=zapisz odnośnik
app.controller.goToLocation=przejdź do położenia

app.getUrl.modalHeader=Zapisz odnośnik
app.getUrl.modalConfirm=Zamknij

app.goToLocation.modalHeader=Przejdź do położenia
app.goToLocation.modalConfirm=Zamknij

app.admin.modalHeader=Panel administracyjny
app.admin.password=Hasło
app.admin.loginButton=Zaloguj
app.admin.logoutButton=Wyloguj
app.admin.remember=Zapamiętaj
app.admin.error=Niepoprawne hasło
app.admin.logout=Zostałeś wylogowany

app.admin.layers=Warstwy
app.admin.locations=Położenia
app.admin.owner=Właściciel

app.admin.sourceName=Nazwa źródła
app.admin.addSource=Nowe źródło
app.admin.addSourceButton=Dodaj
app.admin.addWMS=Nowa usługa WMS

app.admin.edit=Edycja nazwy
app.admin.name=Nazwa
app.admin.saveButton=Zapisz

app.admin.locationName=Nazwa lokalizacji
app.admin.addLocation=Nowa lokalizacja
app.admin.addLocationButton=Dodaj